:memo: Update Mask Generation Task (#432)
huggingface/huggingface.js: packages/tasks/src/tasks/text-to-3d/about.md

> ## About the Task

Reviewer: No need to add, we add this in `summary`

> Text to 3D is a Generative task of generating a 3d image from a given text prompt. It is similar to generating a 2d image but involves an extended complexity of depth perception.

Reviewer: You can add this in `summary` in `data.ts`

```suggestion
Text-to-3D is to generate a 3D image from a text prompt. It is similar to generating a 2D image but involves an extended complexity of depth perception.
```

## Use Cases

> Text to 3d has various creative and experimental use cases like setting up virtual experiments and simulations.

Reviewer: Same comment applies here
